README.md, before:

# PhotoGallery

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Release
Code refactoring;
Implementation of the album renaming;
Implementation of album deletion;
Addition of license file;
README change

README.md, after:

# Photo Gallery
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/react)](https://github.com/andersonpereiradossantos/angular-photo-gallery/blob/main/LICENSE)

![Angular Photo Gallery Presentation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersonpereiradossantos/assets/main/angular-photo-gallery.gif)
## About code

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.6.

## Install
### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## License
This project is shared under the MIT license. This means you can modify and use it however you want, even for comercial use. If you liked it, consider marking a ⭐️.

## Author

Anderson Pereira dos Santos

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andersonpereirasantos)

[Github](https://github.com/andersonpereiradossantos)
